in the armament world there are
certain artifacts that have a
great power because of its structure that
allows you to shoot a lot of
ammunition in a short time being the
most lethal machine guns let's see which ones
are the five most powerful weapons in the
world
and the bucket 95 is a Chinese weapon created
the year 1997 is an assault rifle
historically used by the forces
land of the popular army of
release of the Chinese measured about 70
centimeters weighing around 3 kilos
It has a 5-millimeter caliber and
It has a range of up to 400 meters
can make up to 800 shots per
thousand
m16 is an American gun originated
the year 1961 this weapon has been used
historically by the armed forces
of the USA in numerous wars measured
meter long and weighs about 4 kilos has
5 mm gauge scoped
up to 550 meters can shoot
Up to 900 bullets per minute
pk is a Soviet weapon created the year
1969 in Russia this machine gun has been
historically used by the army
Soviet and currently by Russian in
all the wars that have participated
It has a length of 1.1 meters and
weighs about 9 kilos its caliber of 9
millimeters reaches up to a kilometer
distance being able to shoot 650 bullets
per minute
the n-240 is a machine gun
American created the year 1977 this
weapon based on a previous Belgian design
has been used by the army of
us either in its ground troops
sea ​​or air measures 12 meters and weighs
around 12 kilos has a
7 mm caliber and reaches
reach 800 meters away
shooting up to 950 bullets per minute
the ak-47 is a Soviet weapon created on
year 1949 this assault rifle originated
in russia is the best selling of the
history having been used
worldwide in all wars
existing
it's about eighty-seven centimeters and
weighs about five kilos the gun
most popular diet of all time
thanks to its fast refill of cartridges
It has a caliber of 7 millimeters
with a range of 400 meters and
being able to make 600 shots per
minute
all these legs paw paw paw
paw paw paw paw paw paw